Rework the compiler toolchain docs (#334)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/migrating-to-zksync.md

## Install dependencies

> Although zkSync is [compatible with Solidity and Vyper](../../dev/building-on-zksync/contracts/contract-development.md), the deployed bytecode and the deployment process is different from Ethereum or other EVM blockchains. So the fist step will be to install the compiler and deployer hardhat plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although zkSync is [compatible with Solidity and Vyper](../../dev/building-on-zksync/contracts/contract-development.md), the deployed bytecode and the deployment process is different from Ethereum or other EVM blockchains. So the first step is to install the compiler and deployer hardhat plugins:
```
